.\" @(#)downcheck.1 2018-03-12
.\"
.\" 
.\"
.TH downcheck 1 "March 12 2018"
.UC 4
.SH NAME
downcheck \- a program used to filter exceptional records which is generated while the user is in stopping service.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B downcheck
[\-h\ help] [\-v\ version] [\-t\ test] [\-d\ decode]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I Downcheck
is a program used to filter exceptional records, the standards of judgement is phone
number, dtl(user status), valid date and expire date.
.br
.I Downcheck
could run in the background, and output two kinds of information into two files, one is the filename's information the program has been dealed, the other is the 
detailed information of exceptional records.
.br
If you wanted to start downcheck successfully,  
.I./downcheck, 
you should also install mysql and redis, and add the IP, password, 
username .etc into the config/downcheck.ini, libhiredis.so was also needed. If you get the error message like "load libhiredis.so.1 failed", 
maybe you could execute the following command 
.br	

"EXPORT LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$LD_LIBRARY_PATH:/lib" 

.br
before execut the command, you should make sure that libhiredis.so.1 is in the /lib directory.

.\" =======================================================================
.SH OPTIONS
Options offered by
.I downcheck
are the following:
.TP 0.6i
.B \-h 
Show help information.
.br

.\" - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
.TP 0.6i
.B \-v
Show version information.

.\" - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
.TP 0.6i
.B \-t 
Testing mode. In this mode, downcheck will run as simple process and will 
exit when files have done.

.\" - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
.TP 0.6i
.B \-s 
Stop and exit. When program started, it would write its pid into a file 
which you can configured in the config/downcheck.ini. If you execute -s,
program will get pid from the file and kill it by process id.

.\" - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
.TP 0.6i
.B \-d
Program will run in testing mode and only decode input files. You can use this
option to decode the record files.

.\" =======================================================================
.SH CONFIGURATION FILES
.I Downcheck
will use the configuration file in config/downcheck.ini.
If no config file, program can not start.
.br
.I Downcheck
use log4cplus as its log module, you can use configurator to control the
log output.

.\" =======================================================================
.SH DEPLOYMENT
1. Create a directory named DownCheck in home directory, uncompress program
file downcheck.tar.gz

tar -xzvf downcheck.tar.gz

2. After uncompressing, enter statusCheck and build

make

3. configuration files. 
program settings configure in config/downcheck_config.ini,  
log format and log file settings configure in config/log4cplus.properties.

1)  Create directories named recordfile, unknown_files, output, log in $HOME/DownCheck, 
    and write the following settings in config/downcheck.ini.

decodeFilePath=$HOME/DownCheck/recordfile

decodeMovePath=$HOME/DownCheck/unknown_files

outputPath=$HOME/DownCheck/output

logCfgPath=$HOME/DownCheck/StatusCheck/config/log4cplus.properties

pidfile=$HOME/DownCheck/StatusCheck/bin/pidfile.txt

2)  Make the following settings in config/log4cplus.properties

log4cplus.appender.LOG_MSGS.File=$HOME/DownCheck/log/downcheck_sysrun.log

log4cplus.appender.LOG_MSGS.filters.1.LogLevelMin=TRACE

log4cplus.appender.LOG_MSGS.filters.1.LogLevelMax=FATAL

use LogLevelMin and LogLevelMax to limit log output, the range from low to high
is:

TRACE DEBUG INFO WARN ERROR FATAL. The lower the log level is, the more log information will be output.

.\" =======================================================================
.SH AUTHOR
.I Downcheck
was developed by CMSZ ZhuanShou.
.br

.\" =======================================================================
.SH VERSION
This is
.I downcheck
version 1.1.0 Beta (CMSZ) 201803, deployed on March 12th, 2018.
.\" =======================================================================
.SH CHANGE LOG
1. Add four fields in VID (msc, lac_id, cell_id, partial_id)
.br
   Add two fields in VLTE (ggsnAddr, sgsnAddr).
.br
2. Add decode functions named GetGPRSWord_CHAR and GetGPRSWord_LONGINT to decode VLTE record files. 
.br
3. Redefined active user, and fixed the logic of counting active users. 
.br
4. Fix bugs about memory leak.
.\" =======================================================================
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.I mysql(1)
,
.I redis(1)
,
.I log4cplus(1)
